Core principles for adding code to CYA templates (#1304)
wix/yoshi: CORE_PRINCIPALS.md

> ### Core principals for creating PRs to generators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Core principles for contributing to create-yoshi-app's templates
```

> We try to carefully consider the following principals before adding or changing the code of the generators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We try to carefully consider the following principles before adding or changing the code of the templates.
```

- **Should contain minimum boilerplate code**: The more code we generate, the longer it takes for developers to read and understand all of it.

> - **Should only contain code that developers can change**: Generators should only include code we expect developers to understand and possibly change in the future. Generate code that developers should not change is considered library code. If we need to change something in the future it will be in one place (in the library), rather than migrating a lot of production projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Should only contain code that developers can change**: The templates should only include code we expect developers to understand and possibly change in the future. Generating code that developers should not change is considered a "library code". If we need to change something in the future it will be in one place (in the library), rather than migrating a lot of apps.
```

> - **Should help developers learn by best practices**: Code we put in the generators has a very big impact. Very often, developers will duplicate it across their apps and consider it as a best practice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Should help developers learn by best practices**: Code we put in the templates has a very big impact. Usually, developers will consider it as a best practice and duplicate it across their apps.
```

- **Should only contain code that is relevant to every project**: Asking users to understand code that they might not ever need and delete it is something we should try to avoid.

> - **Strive for small learning curve**: Generated projects should help developers get started quickly. We expect developers to understand every part of their app, The more concepts they're required to understand in a new project, the longer it takes them to start developing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Strive for small learning curve**: `create-yoshi-app` should help developers get started quickly. We expect developers to understand every part of their app, The more concepts they're required to understand in a new project, the longer it takes them to start developing.
```
